What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A hidden folder called ".git" is created within the folder on which the
git init command is run.  This is necessary to initialize the metadata and 
other items that git requires in order to establish a new repository in
which version tracking can proceed.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and
the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area temporarily holds representations of files in the
working directory which are to be committed to the repository when
the next git commit command is run.  The value of this is that one
may decide in advance which files will be worked on and thus flag them 
for future commits by adding them to the staging area.  As work
proceeds, this decision can be revisted and, if necessary, files
can be removed from or added to the staging area before running the
git commit command.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

By using "git diff" to compare files in the working directory with files in 
the staging area; and by further using git diff commitID to compare files in 
the staging area with the most recent commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping 
your history organized? How would branches help?

One situation is where you have an idea for a new feature, but want to test it
before deciding to include it.  A branch for that feature lets you do that
while keeping the original code intact so you can fall back to it if the
new feature doesn't work out for any reason.  Another situation is where you
decide to deploy versions that work in different ways; each version can be
developed on a separate branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

By letting you trace commit paths back to an earlier state along each branch
and by letting you see commits that may not belong to any branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together?
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches combines all of the commits (changes) from both branches 
into a single branch.  The diagram represents this so you can understand
the commit paths and visualize off-branch changes which aren't committed.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The main "pro" is speed & accuracy in performing auto merges in comparison to
the thought & analysis required to correctly configure a manual merge.  The
main "con" is the need to do the thought & analysis if git perceives a conflict
and requires the user to manually resolve the merge before doing the merge.
