How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

By helping pinpoint changes without doing a time-consuming, an error-prone manual comparison.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

By allowing you to rollback to a previous working version if a current version isn't working.
By preserving and providing easy access to a useful code segment which had been deleted as apparently
unnecessary, but which later proved to be useful after all.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The pros include being able to choose commit points that make logical sense to you.
A disadvantage is having to discipline yourself to rigorously do logically sensible commits throughout a project.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because some version control systems, like those directed to code development, are adapted for use
with coding projects which encompass miltiple files; whereas others, like Google Docs, are primarily
intended for use with invidivual files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Use git log to review the project's commit history and identify checkpoints of interest.
Use git diff to compare changes between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Through realization that I can easily revert to a previous working version; and further through
realization that I can compare working & non-working versions to try and located bugs.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

As an aid to working through the rest of this course; as an aid to working through Udacity's two
web developer courses; and as an aid to real-life project development.  I may even use Git to 
track versions of the CWTC Will Questionnaire.

